fix(mcp): fix support for streamable http (#5554)
scaleway/scaleway-cli: docs/commands/mcp.md

### List available MCP tools

> Lists all CLI commands that would be exposed as MCP tools by the server. Use filters to see which commands are available for specific namespacess, resourcess, or verbss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists all CLI commands that would be exposed as MCP tools by the server. Use filters to see which commands are available for specific namespaces, resources, or verbs.
```
